the track for the great Harvey
Wallbanger buffalo race the horses and
the Buffalo stepping on the track this
is an exhibition race no way drink and
I'll parade number one the brown and
hairy Harvey Wallbanger Wyoming bread
bone trained and written by TC for
Stinson number two the Wyoming bred gray
horse quarterhorse smooth savannas
smooth Savannah is owned and trained by
cody Torstensson and written by larry
liqueur seer number three the Nebraska
Brad chestnut gelding is a quarter horse
- I burped - I'd Byrd is owned and
trained by Ryan that winged girder and
written by Carney Curcio ladies and
gentlemen the post parade for the great
Harvey Wallbanger Buffalo and quarter
horse race
now Harvey under the guidance of Joe
gray being led into his stall and he
said the gate not much problem smooth
Savannah - I first moving into the gate
ladies and gentlemen there at the post
there they go Harvey's out of there
quick - I burped us on the outside
- I burped is gonna beat them at -
height first beat Harvey whoa
what an upset